                                 SIDE LETTER AGREEMENT

This Side Letter Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of September [ ], 2026, by
and among Cinderella Corp, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) and the investors listed on the
signature pages herein (each an “Investor” and collectively the “Investors”).

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Company and each Investor are
entering into subscription agreements, dated as of the date hereof (the “Subscription Agreements”);

WHEREAS, as a condition to the Investors entry into the Subscription Agreements and purchase of Class
A Common Stock, par value $0.001, of the Company (the “Shares”), and in lieu of certain other rights,
privileges, and preferences, the Investors shall receive certain preferential payments based on the gross
revenue of the Company, in relation to the holder of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.001, of the
Company (the “Class B Stockholder”); and

WHEREAS, the parties herein wish to enter into this Agreement with respect to the preferential payments
to confirm certain understandings.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:

1. Acknowledgment and Agreement of Preferential Payments. Until this Agreement terminates in
accordance with Section 8, the Investors shall be entitled to the below rights (collectively, the
“Preferential Payments”) as follows:

     (a) first, fifty percent (50%) of all Gross Revenue received by the Company shall be paid to the
     Investors on a pro rata basis until the Investors have received aggregate Preferential Payments equal
     to one hundred percent (100%) of their respective Investment Amounts; and

     (b) second and finally, ten percent (10%) of all Gross Revenue received by the Company shall be
     paid to the Investors on a pro rata basis until the Investors have received aggregate Preferential
     Payments equal to their respective Preferred Return.

     (c) Where Gross Revenue in a single Payment Period causes the threshold set forth in Section 1(a)
     to be met, the portion of such Gross Revenue required to reach that threshold shall be applied at the
     rate set forth in Section 1(a) and the remainder of such Payment Period’s Gross Revenue shall be
     applied at the rate set forth in Section 1(b).

     (d) The Preferential Payments are in addition to, and shall not be credited or offset against, any
     dividend, distribution or other amount payable to an Investor in respect of such Investor’s Shares.
     Each Investor’s equity interest in the Company is unaffected by this Agreement, and this Agreement
     confers no voting, governance, management or ownership rights.

     (e) No personal obligation of the Class B Stockholder. The Class B Stockholder executes this
     Agreement solely to acknowledge the arrangements described herein. The Class B Stockholder
     undertakes no personal obligation, and shall have no personal liability, in respect of the Preferential
     Payments or any other obligation of the Company under this Agreement.

2. Definitions. As used in this Agreement:
“Gross Revenue” means all cash actually received by the Company from its business operations during a
Payment Period, determined on a cash basis, including distributions and dividends received by the
Company from any special purpose vehicle or other subsidiary or portfolio entity; management fees,
franchise fees and administrative or service fees; sponsorship, marketing and brand-partnership revenue;
content, media, documentary, live-event and distribution license fees; and format-licensing,
merchandising and other intellectual-property royalties. Gross Revenue expressly excludes: (i) proceeds
of any equity or debt financing, including the sale of the Shares and any subsequent capital raise, loan,
note or credit facility; (ii) capital contributions to the Company; (iii) amounts received by the Company as
agent, custodian or pass-through for the account of a third party, including amounts collected on behalf of
any special purpose vehicle, institution, athlete or talent, that the Company is contractually obligated to
remit, in each case to the extent so remitted; (iv) sales, use, excise, withholding and similar taxes
collected for remittance to a governmental authority; (v) refunds, rebates, credits and chargebacks
actually paid or credited to a payor, and amounts invoiced but not collected; (vi) proceeds from the sale or
disposition of capital assets outside the ordinary course of business; (vii) insurance and litigation
proceeds, other than business-interruption proceeds compensating for lost operating revenue; (viii)
proceeds received in or in connection with a Liquidation Event; and (ix) interest income and other non-
operating income.

“Investment Amount” of an Investor means the amount of money paid by such Investor in exchange for
such Investor’s receipt of its portion of the Shares.

“Investor Representative” means Ankur Jain, or such other person as may be designated from time to time
by Investors holding a majority of the Shares then subject to this Agreement, in each case acting in the
capacity described in Section 5.

“Liquidation Event” means (a) the consummation of a share exchange, merger or consolidation of the
Company with or into another entity or any other company reorganization, if, as a result of such share
exchange, merger, consolidation or reorganization, more than 50% of the combined voting power of the
continuing or surviving entity’s securities outstanding immediately after such share exchange, merger,
consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not stockholders of the Company
immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization, (b) the sale of capital stock of the
Company by stockholders of the Company (other than in a Public Offering) in a single transaction or
series of related transactions if, as a result of such sale, more than 50% of the combined voting power of
the Company’s capital stock outstanding immediately after such sale is owned by persons who were not
stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such sale or (c) any sale, transfer or other disposition
of all or substantially all the assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries to an entity (other
than a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) of which more than 50% of the combined voting power
of its outstanding securities is owned by persons who are not stockholders of the Company at the effective
time of such sale, transfer or disposition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Liquidation Event does not
include the grant of a license of the Company's format or other intellectual property to any special
purpose vehicle, production partner, distributor or other counterparty in the ordinary course of the
Company's business.

“Minimum Reserve” means the greater of (x) two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) and (y) an
amount equal to six (6) months of the Company’s budgeted operating expenses under the then-current
operating budget approved by the Board of Directors.

“Payment Period” means each calendar quarter, or portion thereof, during the term of this Agreement.
“Preferred Return” means, with respect to any such Investor, an amount equal to the product of (x) two
(2) and (y) the Investment Amount for such Investor. The Preferred Return is an aggregate amount. All
Preferential Payments received by an Investor, whether pursuant to Section 1(a) or Section 1(b), shall
count toward, and reduce the amount remaining payable to reach, such Investor’s Preferred Return, and in
no event shall aggregate Preferential Payments to an Investor exceed such Investor’s Preferred Return.

“Undeployed Seed Capital” means, as of any date of determination, that portion of the aggregate proceeds
received by the Company from the sale of the Shares which (i) has not been deployed by the Company,
and (ii) is legally available for return. Proceeds are “deployed” to the extent they have been expended by
the Company or are contractually committed under an agreement executed by the Company and then in
effect. In no event shall Undeployed Seed Capital exceed the aggregate Investment Amounts of all
Investors less all amounts previously returned under Section 6. For the avoidance of doubt, Undeployed
Seed Capital consists solely of proceeds of the sale of the Shares and does not include Gross Revenue, the
proceeds of any other financing, or any other asset of the Company.

3. Payment; Reporting; Audit.

     (a) The Company shall pay amounts due under Section 1 within forty-five (45) days after the end of
     each Payment Period.

     (b) With each payment, the Company shall deliver a statement showing, for the Payment Period:
     Gross Revenue and its computation, the applicable rate, the amount paid, and cumulative
     Preferential Payments to date against the thresholds set forth in Sections 1(a) and 1(b).

     (c) The Company shall maintain books and records sufficient to verify Gross Revenue for three (3)
     years following each Payment Period. Once per calendar year, on thirty (30) days’ prior written
     notice, Investors holding a majority of the Shares then subject to this Agreement, or the Investor
     Representative on their behalf, may cause an independent certified public accountant to examine
     such records solely to verify the computation of Gross Revenue. The examining party shall bear the
     cost of such examination, except that if the examination discloses an underpayment exceeding five
     percent (5%) for the period examined, the Company shall bear the reasonable cost of the
     examination and pay the shortfall within thirty (30) days.

     (d) The Company shall not structure transactions with the principal purpose of diverting, deferring
     or re-characterizing Gross Revenue so as to avoid or reduce payments under this Agreement.
     Revenue arising from transactions with affiliates of the Company shall be included in Gross
     Revenue at arm’s-length fair value.

     (e) Deferral. The Company may defer any payment otherwise due under Section 1 to the extent the
     Board of Directors determines in good faith that making such payment would (i) leave the Company
     with unrestricted cash reserves of less than the Minimum Reserve, (ii) violate or breach any credit
     agreement, loan agreement, or other financing arrangement of the Company, (iii) violate the Board
     of Directors’ fiduciary duties to the Company, or (iv) otherwise violate applicable law. Any amount
     so deferred shall accrue and shall be paid promptly at such time as payment would no longer violate
     clauses (i) – (iv) above.

4. Liquidation Event. Upon the closing of a Liquidation Event, the Company (or its successor) shall
pay to the Investors, at closing and on a pro rata basis, an amount equal to the excess of (a) the aggregate
Preferred Return of all Investors over (b) the aggregate Preferential Payments made to the Investors
through the closing date, such excess being the then-unpaid portion of the aggregate Preferred Return, to
the extent of funds legally available therefor. Upon such payment, this Agreement shall terminate. For the
avoidance of doubt, such payment is in addition to the consideration payable to the Investors in respect of
their Shares.

5. Investor Representative.

     (a) Appointment and authority. Ankur Jain is hereby appointed as the Investor Representative. The
     Investor Representative is authorized to give and receive notices, consents, waivers, elections and
     directions under this Agreement on behalf of the Investors, and any such action shall bind all
     Investors. The Company shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any notice, consent, waiver,
     election or direction given by the Investor Representative without further inquiry, provided that the
     Investor Representative may not take any action requiring the consent of an individual Investor
     under Section 10(b).

     (b) Replacement. Investors holding a majority of the Shares then subject to this Agreement may
     replace the Investor Representative at any time upon written notice to the Company. The Investor
     Representative may resign upon written notice to the Company and the Investors.

     (c) Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Investor
     Representative, and shall advance his reasonable attorneys’ fees and other expenses as incurred, to
     the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in respect of any claim, demand, action or proceeding
     arising out of or relating to his good-faith performance of the role of Investor Representative,
     including any claim brought by an Investor. Advancement is conditioned upon delivery of an
     undertaking to repay amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that he was not entitled to
     indemnification. This Section 5(c) survives termination of this Agreement.

     (d) Insurance. The Company represents that, as of the date hereof, it does not maintain directors’
     and officers’ liability insurance. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
     such insurance within ninety (90) days following the date hereof and, once obtained, to cover the
     Investor Representative in both his capacity as Investor Representative and his capacity as a Board
     observer, and shall provide him with the policy’s coverage limits and material terms upon request.

6. Return of Undeployed Seed Capital.

     (a) Right to require return. At any time, in the Investor Representative’s sole discretion, and
     without regard to any anniversary of the date hereof and without regard to the Company’s
     achievement of any operating milestone, financing milestone or other measure of progress, the
     Investor Representative may deliver written notice to the Company requiring the Company to return
     Undeployed Seed Capital, in whole or in part, to the Investors on a pro rata basis in proportion to
     their respective Investment Amounts. No consent, direction or vote of any Investor, of the Board of
     Directors or of the Company is required, and this right may be exercised on more than one occasion.

     (b) Mechanics. The Company shall pay the amount so required within thirty (30) days following
     receipt of such notice, together with a statement showing its calculation of Undeployed Seed
     Capital. The Company shall not, between the notice date and the payment date, expend or commit
     cash outside the ordinary course of business for the principal purpose of reducing Undeployed Seed
     Capital.
     (c) Legally available. Consistent with the requirement that the capital be undeployed and legally
     available for return, no return shall be made to the extent it would (i) render the Company unable to
     pay its debts as they become due in the ordinary course of business, (ii) be impermissible under the
     Delaware General Corporation Law or other applicable law, or (iii) violate or breach any credit
     agreement, loan agreement or other financing arrangement of the Company. Any amount not
     returned by reason of this Section 6(c) shall be returned promptly once the impediment no longer
     applies, without need for a further notice.

     (d) Seed capital only. This Section 6 applies solely to Undeployed Seed Capital. It does not extend
     to Gross Revenue, to the proceeds of any subsequent financing, to any dividend or distribution, or to
     any other asset of the Company, and in no event may aggregate amounts returned under this Section
     6 exceed the aggregate Investment Amounts of the Investors.

     (e) Effect. A return of capital under this Section 6 is a return of capital only. It reduces each
     Investor’s Investment Amount dollar-for-dollar, with such Investor’s Preferred Return recomputed
     accordingly, and does not cancel, reduce or otherwise affect any Investor’s Shares or percentage
     ownership of the Company.

7. Expense Policy. The Company has adopted, and shall maintain in effect for so long as any portion of
the Investors’ Investment Amounts remains outstanding, the Expense & Travel Policy attached hereto as
Exhibit A. The Company shall not make any material amendment to, or grant any material waiver of, that
policy without the prior written approval of the Investor Representative for so long as any portion of the
Investors’ Investment Amounts remains outstanding.

8. Termination. This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the earliest of (i) the date on which
the Investors have received aggregate Preferential Payments equal to their respective Preferred Returns,
(ii) payment in full pursuant to Section 4, and (iii) the mutual agreement of the parties hereto. Sections
5(c), 12 and 13 survive termination.

9. Further Assurances. The parties hereto shall execute and deliver such other documents, certificates,
agreements and other writings and take such other actions as may be necessary or desirable in order to
consummate or implement expeditiously the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

10. Amendment and Modification.

     (a) Except as provided in Section 10(b), this Agreement may not be amended, modified, or
     supplemented except by a written agreement executed by the Company and Investors holding a
     majority of the Shares then subject to this Agreement, and any such amendment shall bind all
     Investors.

     (b) Notwithstanding Section 10(a), no amendment, modification, waiver or supplement shall be
     effective as against any Investor without that Investor’s prior written consent if it would (i) reduce,
     delay, subordinate or otherwise adversely affect such Investor’s Preferential Payments, Preferred
     Return, Investment Amount, or the priority or timing of payments to such Investor; (ii) adversely
     affect such Investor’s rights under Section 6; or (iii) affect such Investor in a manner that is
     disproportionate and adverse relative to the other Investors. This Section 10(b) may not itself be
     amended without the written consent of each Investor.
11. Assignment. The rights and obligations arising under this Agreement may not be assigned by any
party without the written consent of the other parties.

12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in one or more counterparts, and by
the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed will be deemed an original, but
all of which taken together will constitute one and the same instrument.

                              [Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Side Letter Agreement as of the date first
above written.

INVESTORS:
[ENTITY NAME]

__________________________________________
By:
Name:
Title:


INVESTOR REPRESENTATIVE:
(solely for purposes of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 10(b))

__________________________________________
Ankur Jain




CLASS B STOCKHOLDER (solely for purposes of Section 1(e)):

__________________________________________
Norman de Silva




COMPANY:
CINDERELLA CORP

__________________________________________
By:
Name: Norman de Silva
Title: President & Founder
                        EXHIBIT A
              EXPENSE & TRAVEL POLICY

[Attached the Expense & Travel Policy adopted by the Company.]
